hey guys welcome back to flix recap my
name is luke pelletier and today we're
covering 2017's newness an emotional
rollercoaster ride with sex secrets and
scandal
before we start be sure to drop a like
leave a comment and of course subscribe
to flix recap if you dig the summary and
as a disclaimer this video includes my
own personal commentary it's not a
substitute to watching the film itself
links to purchase the film are in the
description below
alright let's get to it the movie starts
with martin a pharmacist by profession
scrolling through images of women on his
phone
and you can tell he's sexually deprived
by the way he's looking at these women
joanne his colleague at the pharmacy
mentions that this is her last day at
work and invites martin to a party
however martin refuses saying that he's
busy
simultaneously from a completely
different office gabby an assistant
physiotherapist makes her appearance and
just like martin she's scrolling through
images of men on her phone
obviously there's some unspoken
chemistry here
later martin is out eating with his
friends at a restaurant his friend
mentions how martin likes japanese girls
which is why he married bethany takara
martin gets a bit defensive saying that
he married her because he loved her he
then gets up for a bathroom break and
walks away in a sore mood
meanwhile gabby is out with the girls
for the night her friends are discussing
pictures of men
gabby then decides to text some guy to
meet up and says goodbye to her friends
she walks past martin on her way
on the way to the bathroom martin bumps
into a friend and starts searching for
the name bethany takara on his phone
while gabby walks into a building enters
a guy's apartment and starts making out
with him
at the same time martin is making out
with a girl when he stops midway to
realize she's on drugs
martin helps the girl vomit and then we
see gabby scrolling through images of
men on a hookup app
since her last encounter left a lot to
be desired she updates her status on the
app to dtf
martin also updates his status to dtf on
the same app martin texts a few girls to
meet up and likes gappy's picture on the
app
and then the app works its magic and
instantly matches gabby and martin and
this is when things start getting
interesting
martin and gabby start texting each
other agreeing to a no-strings-attached
relationship and then decide to meet up
at a club they plan to go to martin's
place after having a few drinks
martin mentions how he's been using the
app winks for six months gabby says that
she came to america for education and is
originally from barcelona
and then gabby makes the point that she
really likes trying out new things and
is always in search of a constant
newness so martin and gabby grab a few
more drinks and then they dance together
and play arcade games both seem to be
really enjoying each other's company
they share dinner and a few laughs and
later they share their backgrounds with
each other
martin tells gabby he was married once
for a short time
they spend the night roaming the streets
and reach martin's apartment the next
morning to make out both of them have a
really great time together martin makes
breakfast for gabby the next day
later martin and gabby visit an art
museum together on their next date
honestly a very classy idea for a second
date good work martin while they're
there martin asks gabby to choose a work
of art that she would want to take home
they joke around the museum and laugh
hysterically on the way back gabby
introduces martin to a friend of hers
blake
soon gabby packs up her things and moves
in with martin
and for the time being everything is
hunky-dory peachy keen giggles and
smiles and fun galore they spend the day
together playing basketball and partying
martin and gabby decide to deactivate
their winx accounts together and this
makes it clear that what they have is
more than just a no-strings-attached
arrangement
martin and gabby then meet up with
martin's friends and have dinner
together another successful date in the
books
later that night gabby wants to get
intimate but martin shuts the idea down
saying that he's tired
both of them lie facing away from each
other glued to their phones
the next morning martin and gabby are
still fixated on their phones and it
becomes obvious that their honeymoon
phase is over it's pretty sad to see
often when i see couples and their
relationship blossom in films i feel
like i'm part of it with them in a small
platonic way but when they split i me
the viewer also feel that division
it's like surrogate heartbreak
in any event martin introduces gabby to
his parents hoping to develop their
relationship further and keep the fire
alive
martin's father is in the kitchen with
gabby and he tells gabby that his wife
has dementia he further explains to
gabby that love isn't all roses and
sweets gabby excuses herself to go to
the bathroom and on her way sees
pictures of martin and his ex-wife
bethany hung on the wall
and then she sees childhood pictures of
martin with a young girl and gets upset
she rejoins the dinner table with martin
and his parents gabby asks martin if he
had a sister to which he replies no
martin's mother mistakes gabby for
bethany martin's father explains to her
that the girl in front of her is in fact
gabby and martin had divorced bethany
several years ago
gabby asks martin how long he had been
married to bethany martin replied eight
months
the vibe between the two starts to get
pretty intense martin asks gabby why she
gave him the silent treatment on the way
home gabby replies that his mother
called her bethany and that she needs to
know more details about martin's past
from my perspective the dementia piece
is hard to swallow but it's
understandable for gabby i would feel a
little upset too but the fact that
martin hadn't clued gabby in on the
details of his previous marriage
especially as their relationship has
been developing
that's irresponsible
here martin doesn't want to share his
past and gabby asks martin why he hasn't
told her about his mother's conditions
about his sister and so many other
things martin gets up and moves to the
kitchen gabby asks martin again if he
had a sister to which martin replies i
don't she's dead
frustrated he pleads with gabby to stop
asking questions but gabby persists to
which martin sarcastically starts
telling her about his sister's death and
gabby responds by being upset
criticizing him for his sarcasm despite
the fact that she was the one prying
martin and gabby get into a heated
argument and start raising their voices
at each other which results in gabby
grabbing her bag and leaving the
apartment
martin meets up with his friend paul and
admits that he loves gabby meanwhile
gabby is working and meets a waiter
named roland who works at a restaurant
that she usually visits and roland
invites gabby to a party back in
martin's world joanne is back but only
for the weekends martin then gets
invited to a party by his colleagues
martin and gabby both go out for the
night but feel lonely in a crowd they
both seem uninterested at first but
eventually they blend right into the
night gabby wakes up the next morning
only to find herself next to paul she
sneakily leaves the room
meanwhile martin has spent the night
with his colleague joanne
gabby goes to martin's apartment to talk
to him she feels guilty and starts
crying martin asks her what happened
at this gabby confesses that she cheated
on martin last night
she asks martin if there was anything he
wanted to tell her but martin doesn't
reply
gabby goes into the room and starts
crying gabby asks martin if he even
loves her anymore
they both then decide to go to a
counselor
the counselor advises them to share
their feelings martin confesses that he
felt if he told gabby about his feelings
she might not love him anymore
both of them played a game when they
came back home on the counselor's advice
each of them shared their secrets and
asked each other questions they both
confessed to each other about their
sexual fantasies and promise to be
honest with each other
gabby and martin go to a surprise party
for a man named larry
gabby asks martin to flirt with a girl
while she flirts with other people
martin goes and tells the other girl the
truth he has a girlfriend
martin is alone drinking and his friend
comes up to meet him gabby who is now
looking for martin sees him talking to a
girl this sparks the flame in gabby and
she finds herself a man and decides to
drink some coffee with him
both gabby and martin are having a great
time
martin reactivates his winx accounts and
starts swiping pictures of girls on his
phone with their relationship
reinvigorated they both meet each
other's demands gabby asks martin to
take a lap dance with a stripper while
martin wants gabby to go on a date so he
could spy on her
gabby reactivates her winx account and
later they decide to have a threesome
they make promises to each other and
agree on always doing things together
gabby goes to meet larry and paul asks
martin if he's okay with gabby sleeping
with other people
martin says he's fine with it for now
paul tells martin that bethany his
ex-wife had a baby which frustrates
martin meanwhile larry asks gabby if
martin knows that she's with him gabby
says that she'd tell martin later and
that they have an open relationship he
asks gabby again what she would get out
of it larry then goes on to explain that
there would always be a part of her that
would feel empty and alone and that
relationships are just transactions a
very bleak outlook from larry but at the
same time painfully real and perceptive
back home martin is staring at bethany's
number on his phone when gabby suddenly
opens the door
gabby tells martin about her day and
martin just gets irritable martin goes
out to drink at a bar where he meets up
with blake while gabby texts larry
martin discusses his past with blake and
tells her how bethenny had a miscarriage
martin confesses that he ran away
because he wasn't ready for any of it
gabby goes out with larry and spends the
night with him at home martin watches
old videos of bethany on his laptop and
decides to email her larry on the other
hand gifts gabby a necklace gabby comes
home the next morning and hides the
necklace
soon martin finds the necklace in a book
and a friend of blake tells gabby that
martin still has emotional baggage from
his previous relationship
obviously this whole thing is getting
pretty convoluted and devolves into
another giant heated argument
swearing and screaming at each other
gabby packs up her things and leaves
gabby goes to larry's house
larry tells gabby that he's planning to
move to europe even barcelona for two
years and then larry makes her an offer
to go with him
at night larry throws a party and
invites blake gabby doesn't want blake
to be there
larry and gabby have a small argument
concerning blake and gabby leaves poor
gabby going door to door like a nomad
martin meets up with bethany and
apologizes to her
they catch up and have a good
conversation gabby and larry then talk
about the other night gabby realizes
that larry doesn't care about who she is
or what she wants for larry this whole
thing was a transaction
gabby packs up her stuff and leaves
larry to be fair though
gabby probably should have seen that
coming
larry basically gave her a hint that the
opportunity to love and live carefree is
very rare in his world
larry was as straight with gabby as he
could have been to get what he wanted at
the definite cost of being deceptive
gabby confesses to martin that she now
wants a serious relationship and that
she can figure things out with martin by
her side they both have a heart to heart
and confess their feelings and the film
ends with unison between the two
newness is a movie that explores
different aspects of a relationship
diving deep into both sexual and
emotional needs
the movie brings open relationships into
the forefront a topic that's rarely
depicted and kind of alludes to kink
play bdsm and overall maturity in
communication between partners and the
reason i like this film is because it
does a really nice job of emphasizing
the importance of communication
transparency and effort in a
relationship
in a sense it's almost like a little
educational video it's not meant to be
copied scene for seen but you get the
point
be sure to drop a like if you dug the
summary and of course subscribe to the
channel so that you don't miss the next
recap until next time